Progress scaffold & implementation (#24023)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-progress/src/stories/Progress/ProgressBestPractices.md

### Do

> - Use a `determinate` Progress when the total units to completion is known

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a `indeterminate` Progress when the total units to completion is unknown
```

- Display operation description
- Show text above and/or below the bar
- Combine steps of a single operation into one bar

### Don't

> - Use a `determinate` Progress when the total units to completion is indeterminate

Reviewer: This is a repeat of the first "Do". You only need one of them :)

- Use only a single word description
- Show text to the right or left of the bar

> - Cause progress to “rewind” to show new steps

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Cause progress to "rewind" to show new steps
```
